Improve website compatibility doc (#377)
massalabs/docs: docs/deweb/cli/upload.mdx

Before you start, make sure you have the following:

- **Massa Wallet**: A wallet file in YAML format or a secret key.
  Refer to [Massa wallet documentation](/docs/massaStation/massa-wallet/account-backup) for guidance on obtaining these.
- **Node URL**: The URL for the Massa node you plan to use.
- **Website Files**: Ensure your website files are in a directory on your local machine and
  meet the requirements outlined below.

### Website Requirements

DeWeb only supports websites that are pre-built. This means the files are generated in advance and
ready to serve directly from storage. Your website bundle must include:

> - **An `index.html` file** as the entry point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **An `index.html` file** at the root of the directory
```
